# Automobile Data Analaysis

Data and intelligence are key tools that will allow the automotive industry to fully embrace the future of mobility with confidence and success. Both historic and current data is more crucial than ever to guarantee a holistic view of on-going and future market trends.The automotive industry is nevertheless faced with a myriad of issues. It's an exciting time for individuals with the appropriate ambition, with opportunities to differentiate and stand out from the crowd. Analytics is one area that has the potential to provide major competitive advantage. The main scope of this project is to analyse data from the automotive industry and extract all relevant insights in order to comprehend the automobile market based on a set of criteria.

## Review
I arrived at this conclusion after conducting exploratory data analysis and visualisation . There are many distinct types of automobiles available on the market, each with its own body shape and attributes. Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai, Mahindra, Tata, and Toyota are the top five manufacturers with the most vehicle varieties. Although, in the automobile market, Hatchbacks and SUVs are the most popular body types. The most common types of fuel for cars are gasoline and diesel. Power is an important attribute because the price rises as the power increases, but the mileage decreases. Since torque is proportional to power, it is also proportional to price. We can also deduce from the aforementioned facts that cars on the market have adequate horsepower. The market prefers cars with adequate engine power and performance. The number of cylinders is positively related to the ex-showroom price. As a result, the higher the number of cylinders, the higher the ex-showroom price. A car's displacement increases as the number of cylinders increases. In general, the bigger the displacement of an engine, the more power it can produce.
